README.md, before:

# Flex

Short description and motivation.

## Usage

### Forms

#### ApplicationForm

[ApplicationForm](./app/models/flex/application_form.rb) is an abstract parent class that should be used when creating new Flex forms within your application.

Out-of-the-box, [ApplicationForm](./app/models/flex/application_form.rb) provides a `status` attribute that comes with 2 options: "in_progress" or "submitted". The default option is "in_progress". Whenever a form is submitted, its status will change to "submitted". Any attempts to change any attributes on this form after the status is changed to "submitted" will result in error.

#### Creating a new form

Creating a new Flex form using ApplicationForm is relatively simple and can be completed similar to how a model is typically generated in rails, except that you will change your new model to extend from ApplicationForm.

#### Example using the Rails CLI

Let's pretend that I'm creating a new form to process passport applications.

##### Step 1: Run the Rails CLI

```shell
bin/rails generate model PassportApplicationForm first_name:string last_name:string date_of_birth:date # Add whatever other attributes you'd like
```

_**Alternatively**, you can choose to use the `bin/rails generate scaffold` command to generate additional files, such as views, to use with your form._

##### Step 2: Change your model to extend from ApplicationForm

```ruby
# models/flex/passport_application_form.rb
class PassportApplicationForm < ApplicationForm # <-- ensure that you're extending from ApplicationForm, not ApplicationRecord
  # Attributes and methods here
end
```

##### Step 3: Double-Check your migration

Since ApplicationForm is an abstract class it does not generate any tables or migrations on its own. The migration will be implemented by any children that implement ApplicationForm.

An example migration, based on the PassportApplicationForm example from above:

```ruby
# db/migrate/migration_file_name_here.rb
class CreateFlexPassportApplicationForms < ActiveRecord::Migration[8.0]
  def change
    create_table :flex_passport_application_forms, id: :uuid do |t|
      t.string :first_name
      t.string :last_namen
      t.date :date_of_birth
      t.integer :status, default: 0 # This ensures that the status column, which is present on ApplicationForm, gets created and defaults to "in_progress"

      t.timestamps # if you want your table and model to have auto-generated created_at and updated_at fields, add this
    end
  end
end
```

##### Step 4: Start using your form

At this point you should be able to use your newly created model to implement a form. If you used the `scaffold` command, you will likely need to update references, views, etc. that were auto-generated with the scaffold command.

### Generators

Generators provide you with extra functionality to generate files from the command line. This aims to speed up development by generating files for you.

#### Flex Model Generator

Flex provides a custom model generator that supports special attribute types like names, addresses, money values, and dates. The generator automatically includes `Flex::Attributes` and creates the appropriate database migrations with the correct column structure for each Flex attribute type.

#### Using the Generator

To generate a new model with Flex attributes, use the following command:

```shell
bin/rails generate flex:model NAME [attribute:type attribute:type] [options]
```

##### Options

- parent: Allows you to specify the parent class of the model. If not supplied, the parent class will default to `ApplicationRecord`.
  - Example: `bin/rails generate flex:model MedicaidUser name:name --parent User`

#### Examples

```shell
bin/rails generate flex:model MedicaidUser name:name location:address ssn:tax_id --parent User
bin/rails generate flex:model MedicareUser name:name address:address salary:money
bin/rails generate flex:model User email:string profile:name birth_date:memorable_date
```

#### Supported Flex Attribute Types

- `name` - Creates columns: name_first, name_middle, name_last (all :string)
- `address` - Creates columns: address_street_line_1, address_street_line_2, address_city, address_state, address_zip_code (all :string)
- `money` - Creates column: money (:integer)
- `memorable_date` - Creates column: memorable_date (:date)
- `us_date` - Creates column: us_date (:date)
- `tax_id` - Creates column: tax_id (:string)
- `year_quarter` - Creates columns: year_quarter_year (:integer), year_quarter_quarter (:integer)

The generator will create:

- A Rails model file that includes `Flex::Attributes` with the appropriate flex_attribute declarations
- A migration file with the correct database columns for each Flex attribute type

#### Flex Business Process Generator

Generates a business process file with standardized templates and automatically configures your Rails application to start listening for events. Optionally checks for and generates associated application forms.

##### Usage

```shell
bin/rails generate flex:business_process NAME [options]
```

##### Examples

```shell
bin/rails generate flex:business_process FirePermitApplication
bin/rails generate flex:business_process FirePermitApplication --case PermitApplication
bin/rails generate flex:business_process LiquorLicenseApplication --case PermitApplication --application-form AlcoholLicense
bin/rails generate flex:business_process Passport --force-application-form
bin/rails generate flex:business_process Benefits --skip-application-form
```

##### Options

- `--case CLASS_NAME`: Custom case class name (optional)

  - Default: {NAME}Case (e.g., "MedicaidCase")
  - Example: `--case MedicareCase`

- `--application-form FORM_NAME`: Custom application form name (optional)

  - Default: {NAME}ApplicationForm (e.g., "PermitApplicationForm")
  - Example: `--application-form FirePermitApplicationForm`

- `--skip-application-form`: Skip application form generation check (optional)

  - Use this flag to bypass checking if the application form exists

- `--force-application-form`: Generate application form without prompting (optional)
  - Use this flag to automatically generate the application form if it doesn't exist

This will create:

- A business process file at `app/business_processes/{name}_business_process.rb` using the BusinessProcess.define DSL pattern
- Automatically update `config/application.rb` to call `{NAME}BusinessProcess.start_listening_for_events` in a `config.after_initialize` block
- Optionally check for and generate the associated application form if it doesn't exist

#### Flex Case Generator

Generates a Flex::Case model with optional business process and application form integration. Automatically appends "Case" to the name if not already present and can coordinate with other generators to create associated components.

##### Usage

```shell
bin/rails generate flex:case NAME [attributes] [options]
```

##### Examples

```shell
bin/rails generate flex:case Passport
bin/rails generate flex:case PassportCase
bin/rails generate flex:case Benefits name:name address:address
bin/rails generate flex:case Medicaid --business-process MedicaidBusinessProcess
bin/rails generate flex:case Application --application-form CustomApplicationForm
bin/rails generate flex:case Document --sti
bin/rails generate flex:case Review --skip-business-process --skip-application-form
```

##### Options

- `--business-process CLASS_NAME`: Custom business process class name (optional)

  - Default: {NAME}BusinessProcess (e.g., "PassportBusinessProcess")
  - Example: `--business-process CustomBusinessProcess`

- `--application-form FORM_NAME`: Custom application form class name (optional)

  - Default: {NAME}ApplicationForm (e.g., "PassportApplicationForm")
  - Example: `--application-form CustomApplicationForm`

- `--skip-business-process`: Skip business process generation check (optional)

  - Use this flag to bypass checking if the business process exists

- `--skip-application-form`: Skip application form generation check (optional)

  - Use this flag to bypass checking if the application form exists

- `--sti`: Add type column for single-table inheritance (optional)
  - Adds a type:string attribute to support STI patterns

This will create:

- A Rails model file that extends Flex::Case with the name automatically transformed to include "Case" suffix if not already present
- The generator will check for the existence of associated business process and application form classes, prompting to generate them if they don't exist (unless skip flags are used)
- All specified attributes and Rails model generator options are passed through to the underlying flex:model generator

### Views

For more information on implementing prebuilt views from Flex, please see:

- [Tasks](app/views/flex/tasks/README.md)

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem "flex", path: "engines/flex"
```

And then execute:

```bash
$ bundle
```

Or install it yourself as:

```bash
$ gem install flex
```

## Working locally in the flex-sdk repository

### Prerequisites

- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org)
- Ruby version matching [`.ruby-version`](./.ruby-version)

### Run Setup

Run `make setup`, which wil:

1. Install dependencies
2. Create a `.env` file in the dummy app (`./spec/dummy/.env`) based on the template at `./spec/dummy/local.env.example`
3. Create the database for working locally with Flex

### Generate the local database

_Note: The database is already generated for you after running `make setup`, however if you'd like to generate it separately follow the below instructions._

1. Make sure a `.env` file exists at `./spec/dummy/.env`. If it doesn't, run `make spec/dummy/.env`.
2. Run `make init-db` to setup the database container for local development.

## Documentation

- [Flex Attributes](./app/lib/flex/attributes.md) - Documentation for custom attribute types

## Contributing

Contribution directions go here.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Remove erroneous license clause and deduplicate contributing doc

README.md, after:

# Flex

Short description and motivation.

## Usage

### Forms

#### ApplicationForm

[ApplicationForm](./app/models/flex/application_form.rb) is an abstract parent class that should be used when creating new Flex forms within your application.

Out-of-the-box, [ApplicationForm](./app/models/flex/application_form.rb) provides a `status` attribute that comes with 2 options: "in_progress" or "submitted". The default option is "in_progress". Whenever a form is submitted, its status will change to "submitted". Any attempts to change any attributes on this form after the status is changed to "submitted" will result in error.

#### Creating a new form

Creating a new Flex form using ApplicationForm is relatively simple and can be completed similar to how a model is typically generated in rails, except that you will change your new model to extend from ApplicationForm.

#### Example using the Rails CLI

Let's pretend that I'm creating a new form to process passport applications.

##### Step 1: Run the Rails CLI

```shell
bin/rails generate model PassportApplicationForm first_name:string last_name:string date_of_birth:date # Add whatever other attributes you'd like
```

_**Alternatively**, you can choose to use the `bin/rails generate scaffold` command to generate additional files, such as views, to use with your form._

##### Step 2: Change your model to extend from ApplicationForm

```ruby
# models/flex/passport_application_form.rb
class PassportApplicationForm < ApplicationForm # <-- ensure that you're extending from ApplicationForm, not ApplicationRecord
  # Attributes and methods here
end
```

##### Step 3: Double-Check your migration

Since ApplicationForm is an abstract class it does not generate any tables or migrations on its own. The migration will be implemented by any children that implement ApplicationForm.

An example migration, based on the PassportApplicationForm example from above:

```ruby
# db/migrate/migration_file_name_here.rb
class CreateFlexPassportApplicationForms < ActiveRecord::Migration[8.0]
  def change
    create_table :flex_passport_application_forms, id: :uuid do |t|
      t.string :first_name
      t.string :last_namen
      t.date :date_of_birth
      t.integer :status, default: 0 # This ensures that the status column, which is present on ApplicationForm, gets created and defaults to "in_progress"

      t.timestamps # if you want your table and model to have auto-generated created_at and updated_at fields, add this
    end
  end
end
```

##### Step 4: Start using your form

At this point you should be able to use your newly created model to implement a form. If you used the `scaffold` command, you will likely need to update references, views, etc. that were auto-generated with the scaffold command.

### Generators

Generators provide you with extra functionality to generate files from the command line. This aims to speed up development by generating files for you.

#### Flex Model Generator

Flex provides a custom model generator that supports special attribute types like names, addresses, money values, and dates. The generator automatically includes `Flex::Attributes` and creates the appropriate database migrations with the correct column structure for each Flex attribute type.

#### Using the Generator

To generate a new model with Flex attributes, use the following command:

```shell
bin/rails generate flex:model NAME [attribute:type attribute:type] [options]
```

##### Options

- parent: Allows you to specify the parent class of the model. If not supplied, the parent class will default to `ApplicationRecord`.
  - Example: `bin/rails generate flex:model MedicaidUser name:name --parent User`

#### Examples

```shell
bin/rails generate flex:model MedicaidUser name:name location:address ssn:tax_id --parent User
bin/rails generate flex:model MedicareUser name:name address:address salary:money
bin/rails generate flex:model User email:string profile:name birth_date:memorable_date
```

#### Supported Flex Attribute Types

- `name` - Creates columns: name_first, name_middle, name_last (all :string)
- `address` - Creates columns: address_street_line_1, address_street_line_2, address_city, address_state, address_zip_code (all :string)
- `money` - Creates column: money (:integer)
- `memorable_date` - Creates column: memorable_date (:date)
- `us_date` - Creates column: us_date (:date)
- `tax_id` - Creates column: tax_id (:string)
- `year_quarter` - Creates columns: year_quarter_year (:integer), year_quarter_quarter (:integer)

The generator will create:

- A Rails model file that includes `Flex::Attributes` with the appropriate flex_attribute declarations
- A migration file with the correct database columns for each Flex attribute type

#### Flex Business Process Generator

Generates a business process file with standardized templates and automatically configures your Rails application to start listening for events. Optionally checks for and generates associated application forms.

##### Usage

```shell
bin/rails generate flex:business_process NAME [options]
```

##### Examples

```shell
bin/rails generate flex:business_process FirePermitApplication
bin/rails generate flex:business_process FirePermitApplication --case PermitApplication
bin/rails generate flex:business_process LiquorLicenseApplication --case PermitApplication --application-form AlcoholLicense
bin/rails generate flex:business_process Passport --force-application-form
bin/rails generate flex:business_process Benefits --skip-application-form
```

##### Options

- `--case CLASS_NAME`: Custom case class name (optional)

  - Default: {NAME}Case (e.g., "MedicaidCase")
  - Example: `--case MedicareCase`

- `--application-form FORM_NAME`: Custom application form name (optional)

  - Default: {NAME}ApplicationForm (e.g., "PermitApplicationForm")
  - Example: `--application-form FirePermitApplicationForm`

- `--skip-application-form`: Skip application form generation check (optional)

  - Use this flag to bypass checking if the application form exists

- `--force-application-form`: Generate application form without prompting (optional)
  - Use this flag to automatically generate the application form if it doesn't exist

This will create:

- A business process file at `app/business_processes/{name}_business_process.rb` using the BusinessProcess.define DSL pattern
- Automatically update `config/application.rb` to call `{NAME}BusinessProcess.start_listening_for_events` in a `config.after_initialize` block
- Optionally check for and generate the associated application form if it doesn't exist

#### Flex Case Generator

Generates a Flex::Case model with optional business process and application form integration. Automatically appends "Case" to the name if not already present and can coordinate with other generators to create associated components.

##### Usage

```shell
bin/rails generate flex:case NAME [attributes] [options]
```

##### Examples

```shell
bin/rails generate flex:case Passport
bin/rails generate flex:case PassportCase
bin/rails generate flex:case Benefits name:name address:address
bin/rails generate flex:case Medicaid --business-process MedicaidBusinessProcess
bin/rails generate flex:case Application --application-form CustomApplicationForm
bin/rails generate flex:case Document --sti
bin/rails generate flex:case Review --skip-business-process --skip-application-form
```

##### Options

- `--business-process CLASS_NAME`: Custom business process class name (optional)

  - Default: {NAME}BusinessProcess (e.g., "PassportBusinessProcess")
  - Example: `--business-process CustomBusinessProcess`

- `--application-form FORM_NAME`: Custom application form class name (optional)

  - Default: {NAME}ApplicationForm (e.g., "PassportApplicationForm")
  - Example: `--application-form CustomApplicationForm`

- `--skip-business-process`: Skip business process generation check (optional)

  - Use this flag to bypass checking if the business process exists

- `--skip-application-form`: Skip application form generation check (optional)

  - Use this flag to bypass checking if the application form exists

- `--sti`: Add type column for single-table inheritance (optional)
  - Adds a type:string attribute to support STI patterns

This will create:

- A Rails model file that extends Flex::Case with the name automatically transformed to include "Case" suffix if not already present
- The generator will check for the existence of associated business process and application form classes, prompting to generate them if they don't exist (unless skip flags are used)
- All specified attributes and Rails model generator options are passed through to the underlying flex:model generator

### Views

For more information on implementing prebuilt views from Flex, please see:

- [Tasks](app/views/flex/tasks/README.md)

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem "flex", path: "engines/flex"
```

And then execute:

```bash
bundle install
```

Or install it yourself as:

```bash
gem install flex
```

## Documentation

- [Flex Attributes](./app/lib/flex/attributes.md) - Documentation for custom attribute types

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on how to contribute to the Flex SDK.
