template-only-docs/contributing-form-builder-helper-methods.md, before:

# Contributing new FormBuilder helper methods

This document describes how to create a new FormBuilder helper method for rendering form fields associated with a Flex attribute.

## Design

1. Look at the associated value object type for the Flex attribute to determine what form fields are appropriate for the attribute.
   Subclasses of `String` should use `text_field`.
   Value objects that are `composed_of` other value objects should contain multiple fields. Recursively look at the value object type of the nested value objects to determine what form fields are appropriate for those attributes.

## Implementation

1. Render the entire attribute in a `fieldset`.
2. In general use existing helper methods in the FormBuilder (e.g. `text_field`, `yes_no`, `check_box`, `radio_button`, `select`) rather than helper methods directly on `@template`. These helper methods already render `field_error` and `label` for the field, so you don't need to do that yourself.
3. For value types that are `composed_of` nested value types (i.e. ones that are implemented using `composed_of`):
   1. Use a `fields_for` block to group the nested fields.
   2. If there are no validations on the Flex attribute, do not render a top level `field_error` for the `fieldset`.

Commit message:

Bind directly to nested name attributes directly in FormBuilder method (#96)
## Changes

- In FormBuilder#name, bind directly to name_{first|middle|last} rather than using fields_for
- Add name preview
- Add some make commands

## Context

fields_for does not pair well with composed_of attributes since composed_of attributes are frozen and therefore don't work with validations. (fields_for is supposed to work with models that have accepts_nested_attributes_for relationships)

## Testing

empty
<img width="1031" alt="image"
src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/880a3d1b-5d06-49c1-b852-9f97bcd4d224"
/>

filled
<img width="1059" alt="image"
src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7fbb9f49-0d3c-4728-9037-785509edd519"
/>

template-only-docs/contributing-form-builder-helper-methods.md, after:

# Contributing new FormBuilder helper methods

This document describes how to create a new FormBuilder helper method for rendering form fields associated with a Flex attribute.

## Design

1. Look at the associated value object type for the Flex attribute to determine what form fields are appropriate for the attribute.
   Subclasses of `String` should use `text_field`.
   Value objects that are `composed_of` other value objects should contain multiple fields. Recursively look at the value object type of the nested value objects to determine what form fields are appropriate for those attributes.

## Implementation

1. Render the entire attribute in a `fieldset`.
2. In general use existing helper methods in the FormBuilder (e.g. `text_field`, `yes_no`, `check_box`, `radio_button`, `select`) rather than helper methods directly on `@template`. These helper methods already render `field_error` and `label` for the field, so you don't need to do that yourself.
3. For value types that are `composed_of` nested value types (i.e. ones that are implemented using `composed_of`):
   1. Do not use `fields_for` block to group the nested fields. Create fields for the nested value objects directly in the `fieldset`.
   2. If there are no validations on the Flex attribute, do not render a top level `field_error` for the `fieldset`.
