docs/README.md, before:

# Flex SDK Documentation

Welcome to the Flex SDK documentation. This index provides an organized overview of all available documentation.

## Getting Started

- [Getting started guide](./getting-started.md) - Begin here to create your first Flex application

## Core concepts

- [Flex SDK components](./flex-sdk-components.md) - Overview of available SDK components
- [Authorization](./authorization.md) - Built-in base policies for secure authorization patterns
- [Flex Data Modeler](./flex-data-modeler.md) - Learn how to define data models using Flex Attributes and generate migrations using the Flex Migration Generator.
- [Multi-Page Form Builder](./multi-page-form-builder.md) - Create complex forms that span multiple pages
- [Business process family tree](./business-process-family-tree.md) - Understanding business process hierarchies
- [Flex Rules Engine](./flex-rules-engine.md) - Introduction to the rules engine for business logic

## Implementation guides

- [Implementing tasks views](./implementing-tasks-views.md) - Guide for implementing prebuilt views

## Miscellaneous

- [Leaving a project](./leaving-a-project.md) - Guidelines for when a Nava project team transitions off the project

## Reference

- [Flex attributes](./flex-attributes.md) - Detailed documentation on all Flex attributes
- [Generators](./generators.md) - Generate boilerplate code with Flex generators

Commit message:

Update docs to use strata namespace

docs/README.md, after:

# Strata SDK Documentation

Welcome to the Strata SDK documentation. This index provides an organized overview of all available documentation.

## Getting Started

- [Getting started guide](./getting-started.md) - Begin here to create your first Strata application

## Core concepts

- [Strata SDK components](./strata-sdk-components.md) - Overview of available SDK components
- [Authorization](./authorization.md) - Built-in base policies for secure authorization patterns
- [Strata Data Modeler](./strata-data-modeler.md) - Learn how to define data models using Strata Attributes and generate migrations using the Strata Migration Generator.
- [Multi-Page Form Builder](./multi-page-form-builder.md) - Create complex forms that span multiple pages
- [Business process family tree](./business-process-family-tree.md) - Understanding business process hierarchies
- [Strata Rules Engine](./strata-rules-engine.md) - Introduction to the rules engine for business logic

## Implementation guides

- [Implementing tasks views](./implementing-tasks-views.md) - Guide for implementing prebuilt views

## Miscellaneous

- [Leaving a project](./leaving-a-project.md) - Guidelines for when a Nava project team transitions off the project

## Reference

- [Strata attributes](./strata-attributes.md) - Detailed documentation on all Strata attributes
- [Generators](./generators.md) - Generate boilerplate code with Strata generators
